[Music]
after reading what some facial masks are
made of many people are scared of using
them on their own skin but there is
always a way out
you can make really effective and safe
masks yourself more than that regular
care and using natural skin care
products will help you look healthier
and avoid possible toxic elements such
as sulfates and preserving agents that
are used in mini masks if you are
interested in getting to know the
simplest facial masks that your skin
will thank you for then just keep on
watching but first and foremost don't
forget to click the subscribe button and
turn on notifications to be one of the
first bright ciders to watch our videos
[Music]
one reducing inflammation
ingredients one banana one tablespoon of
yogurt one teaspoon of soda how to use
it
grind the banana then add soda and
yogurt put it on the face for 10 to 15
minutes before washing it off this mask
is helpful because bananas are good for
reducing inflammation and acne there is
even information that says bananas can
be used to treat wounds and burns to
getting rid of large pores ingredients 2
tablespoons of yogurt 1 teaspoon of
cosmetic clay 1/2 teaspoon of honey if
you are not allergic how to use it
mix cosmetic clay with yogurt and honey
put the mask on the face and keep it
there for 15 to 20 minutes wash it off
with cool water this mask is great
because yogurt helps to get rid of large
pores and it lightens pigment spots
[Music]
three for dry skin ingredients one half
ripe avocado one tablespoon of milk 1
tablespoon of honey how to make mix a
ground-up avocado with milk and honey
how to use it apply it to the face for
10 to 15 minutes and wash it off with
warm water
avocado contains healthy fats it
moisturizes dry skin and it is great for
reducing the effects of UV light it also
has an anti-inflammatory effect that
helps to improve acne for for removing
dark circles under the eyes and swelling
[Music]
ingredients 1 TSP of coffee grounds 1
pinch of black pepper 1/4 teaspoon of
coconut oil how to use it mix all the
ingredients and put them on the skin
under the eyes leave it there for 5 to
10 minutes and wash it off with warm
water massaging the face this mask is
great because it contains caffeine that
narrows vessels and helps to reduce
swelling and dark circles
[Music]
five for lifting skin ingredients a ripe
tomato how to use it cut the tomato and
put the pieces on the face you can wash
the mask off in ten minutes
splash the skin with warm water thanks
to lycopene that tomatoes contain this
mask freshens tones lightens and lifts
the skin
six-four looking healthier
ingredients1 big cucumber how to use it
peel the cucumber and cut it into pieces
remove the solid pieces leave it on your
face for 15 minutes and wash it with
warm water afterward this mask is very
good for the skin because cucumbers
contain a lot of vitamins including kb5
A and C that when used together have a
very good effect on the skin 7 for
increasing skin recovery ingredients
carrots water how to use it peel the
carrots and grind them in a blender
adding a lot of water put the mask on
the face for 15 to 20 minutes the
beta-carotene that carrots contain helps
heal little wounds on the face and makes
the skin look healthy 8 for moisturizing
and Keeley
[Music]
ingredients 1/2 cup of oatmeal 1/3 glass
of water 5 drops of vitamin E how to use
it boil the oatmeal in water and let it
cool down add vitamin E after that apply
the mask to the face for 15 to 20
minutes and wash it off with water
thanks to the soft structure of oatmeal
this mask is great for sensitive skin it
will remove dead skin cells and
moisturize the skin 9 for removing oily
shine ingredients one half of a potato
one teaspoon of lemon juice how to use
it weigh 1 cut the potato rub it on the
face and leave it there for 10 minutes
wash it off after that way to grind the
fresh potato and add 1 TSP of lemon
juice mix it and put it on the skin wash
it off with cool water this mask is
great for reducing oily shine 10 for
looking like you've had good rest
ingredients aloe juice 4 tablespoons of
pink clay how to use it mix the clay
with aloe put the mask on the face for
15 to 20 minutes but don't let it dry
you can sprinkle some thermal water on
your face when you notice that the mask
has dried wash it off with warm water
this mask can be used even by people who
have sensitive skin
[Music]
11:4 removing blackheads ingredients one
tablespoon of lemon one tablespoon of
honey how to use it mix lemon with honey
wash your face with warm water apply the
mixture to your face wash it off with
warm water in 20 minutes honey has a
good moisturizing effect and lemon is
great for purifying before using any
masks try it on a part of your body that
people can't see this is a good way to
check if you have an allergic reaction
do you use homemade masks or do you
prefer professional care sure what you
think in the comments section below
if you learned something useful from
this video be sure to give a like and
share it with your friends and don't
forget to click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]